<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--Keelan Matthews 2154996-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Matric Poetry</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<section title="Sorrow" epub:type="chapter" id="sorrow">
			<h2>Sorrow</h2>

			<section id="sp01">
				<h2 id="pnw">Punctuations &#38; Wind</h2>
                <h3>By Tess Taylor</h3>
				<p>
                    Then once again someone is shot
                                at a school   by a sniper   by police   in a movie theater
                    &#38; the many homeless

                    are hustled &#38; hunted.
                                    You read how your clothes are sewn by slaves
                    your dinner fished by slaves

                    your fruit picked by starving children.
                                Mostly you don't get away.
                    Mostly you raise the children you have,

                                afraid of no health care, of losing
                                the one goodish job you've finally got.
                                Mostly you keep your nose to the grindstone.

                    Your heart flails
                                a thick fish in your throat.
                    You have a felt for a long time that someone is watching:

                    The administration is eroding your benefits.
                                    But you are lucky, so you try to feel lucky.
                    By the numbers you have always lived

                    in an apartheid state.
                                You look at your child.
                    Read reports of the tear gas.

                    Text a friend. Cry at night.
                                Some days you march when people are marching
                    some batter windows                     some are hit
                    things are cancelled:
                                                                            The year has been dry
                    even small rain will lead to mudslides.

                    Some nights you wake only to feel
                                yourself for a few minutes grieving
                    or praying &#38; hearing in darkness

                    the old tree tossing &#38; tossing &#38; wild

                                                                            the storm coming
                </p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>