<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--Keelan Matthews 2154996-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Matric Poetry</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<section title="Living" epub:type="chapter" id="living">
			<h2>Living</h2>

			<section id="lp01">
				<h2 id="berkeley">Berkeley in the Nineties</h2>
                <h3>By Tess Taylor</h3>
				<p>
                    Too late for hippie heyday
                    &#38; too young to be yuppies
                    we wandered creeksides &#38; used bookstores.
                    There were still so many movie theaters.
                    Our parents marched against the many wars
                    &#38; fed us carob chips. We foraged
                    in free boxes for old wrap skirts
                    but had absorbed consumerist desire,
                    &#38; also longed for new J. Crew.
                    There was no internet yet &#38; so we listened
                    to Steve Miller Band on repeat
                    &#38; cut geometry to skinny dip
                    in the Essex Street hot tub.
                    We knew the code, just as we knew
                    to disapprove of America.
                    We walked out of high school
                    after Rodney King. We helped our mothers
                    shop for bulk oats at the Co-op.
                    We felt we could &#38; couldn't
                    solve it. We could say systemic racism
                    but couldn't name yet how our lives were implicated.
                    We drove our grandmothers' Volvos up Marin
                    &#38; watched the spangled world
                    from Grizzly Peak. We climbed Mount Diablo
                    in spring rain. We learned
                    the meaning of the word hegemony
                    but thought the word itself was hegemonic.
                    We got high to the patter of the windchimes.
                    When we missed our friends
                    we wandered to the farmers market
                    for bruised peaches. Bruised peaches were
                    our kind of revolution. There was not internet yet &#38; so
                    we made elaborate cutout flyers to invite
                    our friends to picnics up at Codornices.
                    Bodies in space were revolution.
                    Some of us were feminist &#38; queer.
                    Some of us wore wool sailor pants
                    &#38; passed out at bad university parties.
                    Oh my god, that was embarrassing.
                    Some of us cut class to spend
                    days reading in the dank public library.
                    Alone in our aloneness we fumbled
                    with one another's bodies
                    in dim alleyways near City Lights.
                    Our revolution: under cherry blossoms,
                    reading Virgil. One of us made red
                    mushroomy kombucha. One of us
                    taught the others to eat burdock.
                    The burdock eating didn't really take.
                    Some days we paid the toll
                    for people behind us
                    on the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge.
                    At Steep Ravine howled Whiteman at the sea.
                    Most days, we were a crumbling outpost. Nearby
                    the street preacher, Paul of the Pillar,
                    spoke in helter-skelter baritones from
                    liberated air on the Cal campus.
                    We too believed in liberated air &#38; some nights
                    bought Paul sausages at Top Dog.
                    Under the Campanile, we discussed
                    how Ginsburg was a sellout now because he posed
                    for Gap ads in wide-legged chinos.
                    Chinos were not the revolution.
                    Trigonometry was not the revolution.
                    We memorized short poems by D. H. Lawrence.
                    We were quick fish who read
                    Gary Snyder in someone's dad's Mendocino cabin.
                    Some of us climbed ferny gullies
                    on winter solstice &#38; got topless.
                    Decorated each other in white reindeer lichen.
                    Recited the Tao Te Ching. Had sex on a cliff.
                    Reindeer lichen was the revolution.
                    We craved transcendental revelations,
                    the radical &#38; burning future:
                    We lobbied for condoms in the high school bathrooms
                    even though the bathrooms needed toilet paper—
                </p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>