<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--Keelan Matthews 2154996-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Matric Poetry</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<section title="Activities" epub:type="chapter" id="activities">
			<h2>Activities</h2>

			<section id="ap01">
				<h2 id="application">The Application</h2>
                <h3>By Kit Schluter</h3>
				<p>
                    The object of my application was to gain access to a plane of language honest yet completely discursive. Like a procedural work, it was meant to provide me a strict framework to liberate me from my intuition and habits, gracefully stultifying the products of my free-range creativity with its stringent demands.
                    The application taught me of economy : I desired a new, terser voice. I filled it out, again and again, as nothing more than a literary exercise. As it restructured the interests and aims of my writing, and then my very manner of speech, I admired its austerity.
                    The application taught me English. It forced me, in fact, to learn English all over again. Its questions served as a model for the English I hoped eventually to speak.
                    But when they offered me a job, I knew I had done something wrong. I looked back and wished I could read the application for the first time again, repeatedly, one time after another, applying alive and in death, a virgin applicant filling out its form for the first time, forever, and ever. And when I heard myself say yes to their offer—O god, only now can I see the irrevocability of my mistake . . .
                    Don’t talk to me.
                    This would be easier were I made of glass.
                </p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>