<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
   <!--Keelan Matthews 2154996-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Matric Poetry</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<section title="Life Choice" epub:type="chapter" id="life-choice">
			<h2>Life Choice</h2>

			<section id="lc01">
				<h2 id="bf1">Bad Faith I.</h2>
                <h3>By Kit Schluter</h3>
				<p>
Into the bulbous crenelation of foliage I raise my star-shaped
finger. Without softness,
   the story perspires a sweetlessness, axillary as any latterday
bubo. Under my clothes, the skin coughs—
   it weeps a filthy amber, the color of overused motor oil.
   Between myselves, one soul feels too plastic—
   but as long as there is at least a gust of light, there will be
some contour, some give, to the others.
   The natural world is lobotomized : its hair grows long,
turns to gold, falls away,
   and when my skull gets critiqued, rightfully, for taking
after centuries-old copper bells,
   it cracks under this stress in the atmospheric night.
   No matter which shrub I choose to lie in, I tend to find
another with binoculars right to his eyes, fixed on
   some window, a body halted in its frame.
                </p>
			</section>
            <section id="lc02">
				<h2 id="bf2">Bad Faith II.</h2>
                <h3>By Kit Schluter</h3>
				<p>
What is an opulent form without a function : or, what is an
adverb?
   What is the perfect use of the word needlessly, and what can
I use to dowse for paranoia’s nearest underground spring?
   I awaken to the possibility of my having no such hydro-
sphere,
   the brighter half of my chiaroscuro egging me to passive
reception.
   There is no rhyme fit for my scream :
   my scream is ever petty, a sword-crossed, double chiar-
oscuro,
   a crosshatching of trusts.
   The normative is pedagogical,
   but only in high, high relief.
                </p>
			</section>
            <section id="lc03">
				<h2 id="bf3">Bad Faith III.</h2>
                <h3>By Kit Schluter</h3>
				<p>
I never skimp on the food I shoplift . . .
   but is there a name for slinking away from the inexpensive
perimeter, like this, to the decadent aisles?
   And if a tree is named alone in a wood, can it be felled and
dragged to the town square if no one’s around to drag it
there?
   There is nothing inconvenient about it, this disappearing,
   this falling away of the ground from which an argument
gleans its blinding charm.
   I am an individual, thus I have no bedtime.
                </p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>