<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--Keelan Matthews 2154996-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Matric Poetry</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<section title="Relationships" epub:type="chapter" id="relationships">
			<h2>Relationships</h2>

			<section id="rp01">
				<h2 id="fathom">Full Fathom Five</h2>
				<p>
                    Full Fathom Five
                    By Sylvia Plath
                    Category Relationships 

                    Old man, you surface seldom.
                    Then you come in with the tide’s coming
                    When seas wash cold, foam-

                    Capped: white hair, white beard, far-flung,
                    A dragnet, rising, falling, as waves
                    Crest and trough. Miles long

                    Extend the radial sheaves
                    Of your spread hair, in which wrinkling skeins
                    Knotted, caught, survives

                    The old myth of origins
                    Unimaginable. You float near
                    As keeled ice-mountains

                    Of the north, to be steered clear
                    Of, not fathomed. All obscurity
                    Starts with a danger:

                    Your dangers are many. I
                    Cannot look much but your form suffers
                    Some strange injury

                    And seems to die: so vapors
                    Ravel to clearness on the dawn sea.
                    The muddy rumors

                    Of your burial move me
                    To half-believe: your reappearance
                    Proves rumors shallow,

                    For the archaic trenched lines
                    Of your grained face shed time in runnels:
                    Ages beat like rains

                    On the unbeaten channels
                    Of the ocean. Such sage humor and
                    Durance are whirlpools

                    To make away with the ground-
                    Work of the earth and the sky’s ridgepole.
                    Waist down, you may wind

                    One labyrinthine tangle
                    To root deep among knuckles, shin-
                                bones,
                    Skulls. Inscrutable,

                    Below shoulders not once
                    Seen by any man who kept his head,
                    You defy questions;

                    You defy godhood.
                    I walk dry on your kingdom’s border
                    Exiled to no good.

                    Your shelled bed I remember.
                    Father, this thick air is murderous.
                    I would breathe water.
                </p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>